I've been in the hospital for so long that I'm bored
Still comfortable outside
After mom is discharged from the hospital this time
Can't you tire yourself anymore?
Hey, I know.
From now on, I will never be strong again
Son
How much does it cost you to live in such a nice place?
Mom?
I have registered a company in this community
For office convenience
I bought such a villa right next to it.
This time, you will live with me in this villa
I'll get you a babysitter then.
You will be responsible for enjoying the happiness in the future
Why don't you hire a nanny?
What a waste of money!
Your son, I made money.
Then the money my son earns is to honor you, right?
Just listen to me.
Good wind
Really promising
Mom, please be happy.
Hahaha, mobile phone mom.
I still left my phone in the car
Wait for me here for a while, I'll get it.
You go get it
Son son where are you son
son
You immortal caught my son
So it's you, the immortal